- [Announcer] Live from New York City
It's the Wendy William Show
- [Wendy] How you doin'?
(upbeat techno music)
(crowd cheering)
- [Announcer] Now, Here's Wendy!
- Yeah!
Happy Monday!
Thank you for watching our show!
Now say hello, to my one and only co-host
my studio audience, yes.
(crowd cheering)
How you doin'?
- [Crowd] How you doin!
- I'm doin' alright, let'd get started.
It's time for...
- [Crowd] Hot topic!
(crowd cheering)
(camera flashing)
- Well I hope you had a good weekend,
you rested and stuff like that,
your daylight savings and all that.
You know what I missed
out on this weekend?
Which is a pretty big
deal for a lot of people.
Do you know this artist,
her name is Robyn?
She's kinda like Madonna
only not as known as Madonna here.
You know Robyn?
- [Man] I love Robyn.
- I had tickets for Robyn,
Madison Square Garden
this weekend.
Well.
- The hottest ticket in town.
- Alas, the boy was home
still from spring break
so, I wanted to spend time with him.
But, the crew of people, my friends
who wanted to bring me.
They spent $300 for the tickets.
So, I felt really bad, I
gave them the money back.
But, I felt really bad
and I was like $300 tickets
for Madison Square Garden
that must be the front row, right?
Wouldn't you think that?
- Yeah.
- It wasn't even front row,
the concert was sold out
and our tickets were on the floor
but, not that first
batch, the second batch.
Somewhere in the middle.
That's how hot of a ticket that was.
Do you know who Robyn is?
Clap if you know who Robyn is.
(crowd claps)
Yeah,
not quite as big as Madonna,
but shes' got her own
thing, she's from Sweden.
Anyway, so the next big
thing that we woke up to
over the weekend was Jennifer Lopez
is finally engaged to Alex Rodriguez.
(crowd applause)
J. Rodd
I like it.
I like it a whole lot.
There are you know, a lot of people
who are hating on this relationship.
I love the ring.
They say it's flawless.
I have no idea how many carats.
It's gotta be somewhere between easily,
like 12 and 18 carats.
Its huge, depending on how big her hand is
you know what I mean.
She's got a small hand, I've shaken it.
She's got a small hand.
Good manicure with it and stuff.
The say it's flawless, of
course why wouldn't it be.
And they say he spent
someehere near $20,000,000
for the ring.
Well, of course.
And he was the one who
dressed up I love you.
And you can tell it was him.
'cause only a man wouldn't know
how to make a heart more perfect.
(crowd laughter)
I think it's cute, you know.
He didn't hire a decorator
and that it happened
in the Bahamas, they were on vacation.
This is one of the five rings
that's shes' collected
over her romantical life.
(crowd laughing)
(applause)
Now look.
Remember Ojani Noa was her first husband.
And, that's a pear shaped, that's cute.
And, then Chris Judd,
the background dancer
who became her husband,
that's the emerald cut.
And, then Ben Affleck
the only one that she gave back.
Because, remember he broke up with her
four days before the actual wedding.
(crowd gasping)
I still wanna know more to that story.
Anyway, so he broke up with her,
and she ended up giving that ring back,
she said it right here on Wendy.
That was a six carat excuse me,
a 2.5 excuse me, six carat pink diamond
worth $2,500,000 from Harry Winston.
She gave that back to him, though.
As well, a girl should.
Like I always feel like
give the rings back.
Especially Ojani,
why didn't you give
that man back his ring?
Jennifer, now you know
he could use that money,
Chris Judd too.
She did not give Marc
Anthony the ring back
however, Marc Anthony and Jennifer
had the longest standing relationship
with two cute kids and the whole bit.
This is a 8.5 carat
$4,000,000 blue Harry Winston,
that Marc Anthony gave her.
And then, hopefully her final ring.
The final ring, from Alex.
Just what a beautiful collection.
(crowd applause)
And, the reason that I like them together
is because, I feel like
you know as a jock,
he's good looking, he's been
playing ball all of his life.
You know, he's been around the women.
He's been around, he's done his thing,
he finally wanted to be meet somebody
who is smart, on his level,
Clearly somebody who has her own money,
not gonna steal his money,
somebody who is also busy.
You know like, who wants
to marry a house wife
when your Alex Rodriguez and there's
somebody at home whining all the time.
Because now, he's not working all the time
so he's home more and who
wants to hear that all day.
Jennifer's busy traveling the world.
She acts, she sings, she dances.
Look, this is a good thing
and then for her, as sexy as she is
and as beautiful as she is
and as dynamic as it is on the outside.
You know, does she wanna
really continue dating?
It's a chore, it's like a part time job.
Especially, when you get
to be a particular age
and you got your kids and
you're trying to moisturize.
(crowd laughs)
And bengay at the same time.
Do you think that she'll
try to have the super baby?
It doesn't even matter to me.
Like I hope she doesn't do that.
You know, he has his kids.
She has her kids.
This is a good thing.
Congratulations, congratulations.
(crowd applause)
Remember, do you remember?
We saw this on the news here in New York
they played it locally.
The first time that she ever
met him was with Marc Anthony.
Marc had tickets for a Yankees game
and Marc was already friends with Alex
and Marc introduced Jennifer to Alex
and the cameras were right there.
Well she gave him a
respectable look, this Alex.
But me being the cynic I am,
I was like ooh,
and Alex was respectful
looking at her back.
And then Marc and Jennifer went on
and they were married for many years
and then well, this all turned out.
You know what? I guess everybody is happy,
Marc's happy from them.
I'm happy for them.
Are you happy for them?
(crowd cheers)
Clap if you're not happy for them.
(solo applause)
(crowd laughs)
God'll get you Walter.
So, alright.
Here's this rapper, who
I had never heard of
except, through my son.
His name is YBN Almighty Jay.
All the good names were taken.
(crowd laughs)
Now we know him 'cause
he's the 18 year old
who at one point was
dating Kourtney Kardashian.
Now you know who he is?
Uh, who?
Blac Chyna, Blac Chyna I'm
sorry, same difference.
Yeah.
(crowd laughs)
He's 18 he's dating a woman
with kids and what not.
Alright, so this rapper YBN Almighty Jay
got beat up over the weekend.
At Saks Fifth Avenue,
the flagship store!
Honey, this is where you
and I are window shopping,
we're inside, we're trying to pickup
a pair of sunglasses or something.
Maybe we wanna go upstairs and have some
chicken livers at Freds,
wait that's Barneys.
I just love Fifth Avenue shopping,
and I just, it's unbelievable.
Sorry.
I get very comfortable talking to you.
Look, this beautiful talented young man
and he is talented, he's from the south.
He and his friends were at
Saks Fifth Avenue, the flagship
store over the weekend.
And while they where inside the store
there was a scuttle, an argument,
going on inside the store.
You understand?
So the argument spilled to
the outside of the store,
on the street.
So, now you're still on Fifth Avenue.
You're still right in front of Saks.
People are lookin' like, what the heck.
Later on that day, by the way they showed
YBN running from the fight
alone so, I don't know
where his boys were.
You know, he's not from New York.
The person who attacked him
was a New York based rapper.
(crowd gasp)
This is all really, really bad.
They attacked him also, either with
a box cutter or a bottle
of heavy duty brown juice.
because, all that openness right here
that's like 300 stitches.
That's a buck 50 twice, with no change.
Yeah, all these stitches
for the rest of his life.
He's gonna have to look at that.
Well, they beat him up.
I don't know what the argument was about,
they allegedly stole his
chain, wallet and sneakers.
Childish.
A picture was also posted on the internet
of somebody with his
chain, wallet and sneakers.
You see what I'm sayin'.
Like where are we going?
Where we going, you know
you kids, and I'm gonna
call you kids 'cause,
you're 18 and what not.
You know you kids, there's enough
money and fame going around in hiphop
now more so than ever, more so than ever.
There is money and fame,
like why do you have to do this?
You know what?
You have made it bad for black people
everywhere just by doing this.
Not just black men.
(crowd cheers)
I'll tell you why.
A sophisticate like me, I
like to shop Fifth Avenue
you know but not everybody
does not know I'm Wendy.
You know, I feel the heat of security
following, oh yes still now!
Still even now!
You know, you feel it.
We're barely getting back into Barneys
after they tried to ban the black thing
on Fifth Avenues Barneys.
Now you go into Barneys
boy, they fall over you.
If you're black and you go to Barneys.
(gasp) Believe me, you
The treatment is superb.
(crowd appluase)
But, you know
when you all fight like this ,
what you do is you perpetuate
'cause, you know what some white people
already think about black people,
particularly black men.
So, now today my son, whose a decent kid
now has got to suffer
the rath of the stares
you know, from white
people because of this.
My father, innocent 89,
like what does he need for this,
but he's a black, he's a man.
My husband, he's gonna get the stares.
Look there're people who
came on before you all,
who've tried to talk to you all.
From the Puffies
and the Jay Zs and others.
You might call them old men.
You might think they're washed up.
Oh no, no you're ruining
it for yourselves kids.
You're ruining it for yourselves.
(crowd applauds)
Do you remember who Heidi
Montag is, don't you?
- [Crowd] Yes!
- Heidi, well apparently
she's in hot water
from everybody but me.
It was cute, you know alright.
Everybody give her a break.
She made a comment about diversity.
Alright, now first let me set you up.
Heidi starred on MTV show,
the Hills one of the first reality shows
back in the day.
She and Spencer, remember they dated
and now they've been married for 10 years,
she and Spencer, and they
have a child together.
So, it lasted.
Well, now The Hills, because it was
so popular back in the day,
and because the reboot of all
these other shows from back in the day
that have become successful.
They're now rebooting The Hills
and Heidi was talking about the reboot.
She did an interview recently by herself.
Just sayin', 'cause maybe if someone
was with her, they would've
given her the elbow.
You know, and saved her.
But, there was nobody there.
I like the picture of
Heidi and Spencer, cute.
Clearly it's their house.
Anyway, in a recent
interview Heidi was asked
if the show was going
to have more diversity
with the characters than
the original series?
And here's what poor Heidi said.
- [Interviewer] Do you wish that there was
a little more diversity represented?
- We don't all look the same
I mean Audrina has darker hair,
I feel like Mischa has darker hair.
But, yeah we're California girls.
I have other very diverse friends,
that are not featured on the show.
(crowd laughs)
- She didn't mean it.
She didn't, she didn't mean it.
For those of you who
might be stuck like her,
they meant black people, Asian people,
people other than white people.
She didn't mean it, poor thing.
I like Heidi and Spencer.
And do I need diversity on The Hills, no.
I hate it when shows try to push it down,
you know they aired that black friend
or that Indian friend just
because we've been complaining.
Cause that's what happened to Friends.
Remember Ross got the girlfriend,
and then you're like, oh boy here we go.
I don't need to see black people
on Seinfeld all the time,
one of the best sitcoms of all time.
They have the laywer,
Jerrys' lawyer is black
but, he's not a regular character, what?
Yeah, the lawyer is Black.
Sex and the City who I watch
at ad nauseam as you know.
They don't have any black people on there.
Except, every once in a while.
Remember when Samantha moved
to the meat packing district.
andshe had the big gay party to celebrate
the LGBT community on her roof
and there's a bunch of
black queens up there
and everybody was
dancing and getting down.
(crowd laughs)
Other than that you
don't see black people...
Oh! And Samantha dated the black guy
and then the black sister didn't like it
and then that was over.
I feel as though, you don't have to do it.
Just feel it in your heart.
Just love diversity in your heart.
(crowd applause)
And show it when you can, don't
shove it down our throats.
There are gonna be some
new characters though
on this new Hills.
Mischa Barton is going to be on The Hills.
She wasn't on the original
one, but she is from that era
so, we get where she probably fit in.
Brody Jenner can't see enough of him
apparently it's not working out
with the Jenner Kardashian show.
So, he's going back
to where he was making
his bones on this show.
Brandon, Brandon Thomas Lee?
Now Brandon Thomas Lee, who is that again?
- Pamela Andersons' and Tommy Lees' son.
- Right, when last we saw him
he was beating up Tommy Lee at the house
and set Tommy Lee up.
(crowd gasp)
Yeah, father son fight.
Anyways, so the new Hills
the brand new one begins
sometime later this year on MTV.
I'll be watching.
I'll watch, why not?
Fun.
(crowd applauds)
I wasn't really into the old Hills
but, Heidi and Spencer have been here
and Audrina has been
here before on our show.
And so, because on the
account of knowing them
and then just wanting to check it out.
I'll check out the new Hills
but, I don't really know the old Hills.
I'll have a lot of catching up to do.
(crowd applause)
People are furious with Nick Minaj.
Her fans are very, very upset
because, she canceled another
concert at the last minute.
(crowd gasp)
When I say last minute, I
mean the stadium was packed.
Everybody was inside, at their seats.
Look at this place,
this is in Bordeaux
France everyone, Bordeaux.
They bought the tickets,
the arena was packed,
and all of a sudden the show was canceled
due to technical difficulties.
It was a voice over the loud speakers
that said it was due to
technical difficulties.
Everybody left, people were so irate
some people started chanting,
Cardi B, Cardi B.
(crowd applause)
Now that was unnecessary.
This is the second show on this tour,
that Nicki is on right
now that she's canceled,
she most recently also canceled a show,
in Slovakia and it was two weeks ago
for the same reason,
technical difficulties.
Well I don't know what
the technical difficulties
were in Slovakia but,
I got a little bit more
of a handle as to what happened in France
and apparently what there
saying, the electric you know?
You know what, maybe?
I mean that's a hot set.
There are a lot of lights,
there's a lot of smoke,
anything could happen at the last minute.
But anyway, Nicki did go on social media
in full make up it look like
she was ready to perform
and this is what she said to her fans.
- These two cities that
had technical issues
were cities that I have never been
to before and we tried to add them
but, they just didn't have the power
and the building to facilitate my show.
Every artist, every artist
has technical difficulties
and have to cancel shows.
I want to tell you guys
that I love you dearly
and I really hope to make it up very soon.
(crowd mumbling)
- So here's the deal.
The show was supposed
to be on Saturday night
and I know what you're saying well,
why didn't she come out
on stage and do something.
Me, only because I'm a people pleaser
I would've came out on stage.
(crowd applauds)
I wouldn't have performed.
I would not have performed but,
I would've came out with my
whole crew and everything.
I would've come all the
way to the tip of the stage
so you could actually feel my sweat,
having to tell you, you
know that I can't perform
and I don't know what's
goin' on with this place
but, I do promise you
if you wanna full refund
get it now and if you wanna come back
to the show just let
me work up my schedule
and I will be back
and I will do it bigger
and better than ever.
For me if I were Nicki, when I do
go back to Bordeaux and Slovakia
I would try to bring "and friends."
You know, if "a and friends" pops up.
"An and friend"
Whatever celebrity friend
or something like that.
You know just do a really good show.
She couldn't perform
on Saturday like I said
and no she couldn't make it up
to them on Sunday because on Monday,
tonight she is in London
and generally speaking
artists need rest time
for their throats.
So, she couldn't perform last night.
That would not have been fair.
They would've gotten a boring,
less than show in Bordeaux
and then that would've passed it onto
a less than show in London.
So, I think she did the right thing.
She's still touring, so we'll be watching.
Hopefully, this won't be
a habit because, habits
becomes something we start to say mmmmmmm.
But, right now I believe her, that's it.
(crowd applauds)
The thing about Jennifer's ring too
is that you don't have
to start out that big.
Like girls really think starter rings
are really that important,
as a matter of fact, rings.
Plenty of women don't,
I have a friend who doesn't wear her ring.
Doesn't care, didn't ask for one.
I have another friend who got a ring
a beautiful ring, doesn't wear it
they've been married forever.
A lot of guys don't wear rings,
my husband doesn't wear his ring.
I enjoy wearing my ring, I wear my ring.
I will turn around go
back home to get my ring.
But, it's not the ring that you get
in the beginning, if you're a ring girl.
I'm a ring girl.
I will be like okay, alright.
Well somebody's got to
work a little harder but,
(crowd laughs)
but, I love you, I
certainly will not complain
and then somebody did
work look a little harder.
Like my rings have skipped up,
jeez I think Kev did it
like, maybe three times
before, you know what I have
and I'm not showing it.
Enough, of that Rambo.
(crowd laughs)
Enough of that.
But, I'm a ring girl.
If you're a ring girl, just
know you don't start out with
am ice cube on your ring,
that's not realistic for most girls.
(crowd applauds)
Oh, that's it for Hot Topics,
but we've got more great
show for you everybody!
A little louder!
(crowd roaring)
Cause I love Mondays, it's
all about the Hot Topics.
We've got the inside scoop on the latest
going on with R. Kelly
and Jussie Smollett.
So, grab a snack and come on back.
(crowd roaring)
(upbeat techno music)